[15.0] [MIG] project_category->project_type (#950)
OCA/project: project_type/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds the category type fields in project and task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the type field to record the type of project in the project and task models.
```
